Updated migration guide with typography replacements (#534)
etn-ccis/blui-react-native-component-library: MIGRATION.md

### Removed

- Typography

>     - This component has been removed from the library can be replaced by [Text](https://callstack.github.io/react-native-paper/docs/components/Text/) component from React Native Paper. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - This component has been removed from the library and can be replaced by the [Text](https://callstack.github.io/react-native-paper/docs/components/Text/) component from React Native Paper. 
```

Reviewer 2: Probably should be "These components", plural

>     - `Text` component does not support the `color` prop. It must be styled through `style` prop and passing the value from the `theme` object returned by [useExtendedTheme()](https://github.com/etn-ccis/blui-react-native-themes?tab=readme-ov-file#typescript). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `Text` component does not support the `color` prop. It must be styled through the `style` prop and passing the value from the `theme` object returned by [useExtendedTheme()](https://github.com/etn-ccis/blui-react-native-themes?tab=readme-ov-file#typescript). 
```

>     - Please follow the table below for the mapping of Typography and it's replacement:

Reviewer 2: Please feed your writings to a spell / grammar checker.

<div style="overflow: auto">

> | Typography            | Replacement                                                           | 

Reviewer 2: It will be good to mention that Material Design 2 and Material Design 3's typography structure will not be a one-to-one mapping. It is better to reach out to a UI designer (especially for those heading texts) if your project is going to be designed and developed in Material Design 3 completely.

| --------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------- | 
| \<H1>Your Text\</H1>    | <Text variant={'displayLarge'} style={{fontSize: 96, letterSpacing: 0}}>Your Text\</Text>| 
| \<H2>Your Text\</H2>    | <Text variant={'displayMedium'} style={{fontSize: 60}}>Your Text\</Text>| 
| \<H3>Your Text\</H3>    | <Text variant={'displaySmall'} style={{fontSize: 48}}>Your Text\</Text>| 
| \<H4>Your Text\</H4>    | <Text variant={'headlineLarge'} style={{fontSize: 34}}>Your Text\</Text>| 
| \<H5>Your Text\</H5>    | <Text variant={'headlineMedium'} style={{fontSize: 24}}>Your Text\</Text>| 

> | \<H6>Your Text\</H6>    | <Text variant={'headlineSmall'} style={{fontSize: 20}}>Your Text\</Text>| 

Reviewer 2: I think this one has font weight differences too

| \<Body1>Your Text\</Body1>    | <Text variant={'bodyLarge'} style={{letterSpacing: 0}}>Your Text\</Text>| 
| \<Body2>Your Text\</Body2>    | <Text variant={'bodyMedium'}>Your Text\</Text>| 
| \<Label>Your Text\</Label>    | <Text variant={'bodyLarge'} style={{letterSpacing: 0}}>Your Text\</Text>| 
| \<Subtitle1>Your Text\</Subtitle1>    | <Text variant={'titleMedium'} style={{letterSpacing: 0}}>Your Text\</Text>|
| \<Subtitle2>Your Text\</Subtitle2>    | <Text variant={'titleSmall'} style={{letterSpacing: 0}}>Your Text\</Text>| 

> | \<Button>Your Text\</Button>    | <Text variant={'bodyMedium'}>Your Text\</Text>| 

Reviewer 2: Label large is the design replacement for button labels

### Removed

> - Typography

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Typography Components
```

>     - These components have been removed from the library and can be replaced by the [Text](https://callstack.github.io/react-native-paper/docs/components/Text/) component from React Native Paper.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - The typography-related components have been removed in favor of the [Text](https://callstack.github.io/react-native-paper/docs/components/Text/) component from React Native Paper.
```

>     - The `Text` component does not support the `color` prop. It must be styled through the `style` prop and passing the value from the `theme` object returned by [useExtendedTheme()](https://github.com/etn-ccis/blui-react-native-themes?tab=readme-ov-file#typescript).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - The `Text` component does not support the `color` prop available on the old typography components. In order to migrate to the new components, if you wish to preserve these colors, they must be styled through the `style` prop — if you need theme colors, use the [useExtendedTheme()](https://github.com/etn-ccis/blui-react-native-themes?tab=readme-ov-file#typescript) hook to access the theme object.
```

>     - Please follow the table below for the mapping of Typography and its replacement:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - Material 3 has condensed the number of typography variants, so there is not a one-to-one mapping from the old variants to the new ones. If you want to match your old type styles _exactly_, you'll need to add additional inline styles. See the table below:
```

| \<H4>Your Text\</H4>    | <Text variant={'headlineLarge'} style={{fontSize: 34}}>Your Text\</Text>| 
| \<H5>Your Text\</H5>    | <Text variant={'headlineMedium'} style={{fontSize: 24}}>Your Text\</Text>| 
| \<H6>Your Text\</H6>    | <Text variant={'headlineSmall'} style={{fontSize: 20, fontWeight: 600}}>Your Text\</Text>| 
| \<Body1>Your Text\</Body1>    | <Text variant={'bodyLarge'} style={{letterSpacing: 0}}>Your Text\</Text>| 
| \<Body2>Your Text\</Body2>    | <Text variant={'bodyMedium'}>Your Text\</Text>| 
| \<Label>Your Text\</Label>    | <Text variant={'bodyLarge'} style={{letterSpacing: 0}}>Your Text\</Text>| 
| \<Subtitle1>Your Text\</Subtitle1>    | <Text variant={'titleMedium'} style={{letterSpacing: 0}}>Your Text\</Text>|
| \<Subtitle2>Your Text\</Subtitle2>    | <Text variant={'titleSmall'} style={{letterSpacing: 0}}>Your Text\</Text>| 
| \<Button>Your Text\</Button>    | <Text variant={'labelLarge'} style={{letterSpacing: 0}}>Your Text\</Text>| 
| \<Caption>Your Text\</Caption>    | <Text variant={'bodySmall'}>Your Text\</Text>| 
| \<Overline>Your Text\</Overline>    | [\<Overline>Your Text\</Overline>](./docs/Overline.md)| 

</div>

> > **NOTE**: The typography structure in Material Design 2 and Material Design 3 will not be a one-to-one mapping. It is better to reach out to a UI designer (especially for heading texts) if your project will be completely designed and developed in Material Design 3.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> **NOTE**: If you are planning to fully embrace Material 3 design standards, it is better to reach out to a UI designer (especially for heading texts) in order to select the most appropriate new type styles for your application instead of mapping the old Material 2 styles into the new system. 
```
